The game starts with the background picture and a box that must be clicked in order to start. 5 raindrops fall from the top of the screen every two seconds as controlled by a timer. They fall with slightly different velocities and locations. They fall to the bottom of the screen and accelerate slightly. As they fall they become a lighter shade of blue. Every 3 seconds there is a flash of lightning from a cloud (both imported images). You must use the left and right arrow keys to catch the raindrops. Whenever you catch a raindrop, the raindrop is moved offscreen to make it look like it is disappearing. For every raindrop you catch, the catchers radius increased, and the amount caught increases. Each raindrop that you don’t catch per round is added to the “missed” scoreboard. A stopwatch clock is added to give you an idea of how long you’ve been playing, and to serve as your score. (You can also use the total caught as your score). The game ends after you miss more than 49 raindrops, so the goal of the game is to last as long as you can. The game over screen is black and displays how many you caught, how many you missed, and how long you lasted. Once the game is finished you can click inside the box labeled “GAME OVER. Click In Box To Close” to automatically close the window. Unless you miraculously catch more than 450 raindrops before you miss 50 (which is less likely the moon eating the earth), the game will always run. The only glitch is the flashing lightning, which for some reason only flashes about 80% of the time. 

So now the question remains: how many can you catch?
